Crazy, where's the bottle just now?
fuck
Why are you shouting so loudly?
Did you know you were so taken aback?
It's too embarrassing for me to be the big brother
Say what's the matter bro
Two identical bottles what?
Stretch out your hands without looking
I asked you to show me your hands.
I rely on the prodigal son to pay attention
Exactly the same. What's going on here?
Say, Uncle Ha, be merciful
Brother Cao Meng just wants this bottle so much
Don't worry, he'll be fine.
You are a ghost, brother, you misunderstood me.
Did I misunderstand you?
You tell me the truth
Who sent you?
Uncle, don't talk
I know if you don't say it.
Two identical bottles, right?
You kid want to switch bags, come here
Pack both bottles and take them away.
loosen
Crazy you know someone told me
Said as long as it was his people who wanted the bottle
Just let me kill him
Ah!
Brother Cangfeng, please explain quickly
It's too late to explain now
Go down and explain it to Yama by yourself
Everyone is not allowed to move
Hands on your head